etcd backup (#16)
projectsyn/component-cluster-backup: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/references/ocp4-etcd.adoc

= etcd Backup on Openshift 4

> etcd is the key-value store for OpenShift 4, which persists the state of all resource objects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
etcd is the key-value store used by Kubernetes.
etcd contains the state of all resources created in the cluster through the Kubernetes API.
```

> The automated backup follows the https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.8/backup_and_restore/backing-up-etcd.html[Backing up etcd] guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The automated backup implements the steps documented in the https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.8/backup_and_restore/backing-up-etcd.html[Backing up etcd] guide.
```

== Files

> The backup tar contains two files:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The backup consist of a `.tar.gz` archive which contains two files:
```
